hey guys so just down in Calgary a
little while ago visiting my friends and
one of my best friends asked me um how
to make yakisoba so this video is
dedicated to you Marvin except whenever
I'm in yakisoba I always use Moodle
noodles so this is actually gonna be
yucky you don't and yeah I'm also going
to include a link to another video where
I'm gonna meet um Jackie Silva on a hot
dog
kind of like the Japadog that you see in
Vancouver so yeah you guys are in just
like just keep on watching
[Music]
so for the yakisoba sauce you can either
make it yourself which I'll show you how
to do it or you can go to your local
Asian store like TMT and buy and
yakisoba sauce
I just went today and I bought this to
see the sauce that I made actually taste
is similar and it does so what you need
is two tablespoons of soy sauce two and
a half tablespoons I wish this here 1/2
a tablespoon of sugar half a teaspoon of
midden half a tablespoon of sake and I
added actually um half a teaspoon of
beef stock mix and some hot chili oil
and this you don't really need to add
this I added two tablespoons of this to
kind of make the sauce a little bit
milder if you don't have this you don't
need to add it the wishes here is pretty
much the main flavors so I actually know
what add this it makes it a little
milder and it tastes a lot better so
that is what we need for the sauce and
it should come out like this so the
first thing you want to do is just cook
your chicken
[Music]
now I initially wanted to use Forks but
when I went to TMZ to have any of the
life stories that I usually use for
other services so I didn't want to find
competent so I'm just using chicken so I
just took off the chicken and now I'm
just going to add in some onions oh when
I forgot to say add a white pepper and
salt to the chicken as seasoning and you
can just do the same with the other
vegetables now just add the garlic
and the mushrooms
[Music]
and just cook until the vegetables are
tender so I'm just going to add in the
bean sprouts
[Music]
I'm going to add in the noodles which I
already precooked
now you can use any kind of noodles you
like either gone or the yakisoba noodles
and then just for lips like the chicken
what we didn't need all that sauce but
um just cook it a little bit more and it
should be right to eat you guys so this
is what it looks like efforts being
cooked just as a note the sauce that I
made and what I showed you wasn't the
actual amount I've already used it from
another dish also I was watching TV so
please do not add all of that sauce all
you need is just a little bit just to
flavor it please do not add all of the
sauce and so just to finish this dish
all we need is some now you can add mail
if you like you can add Japanese Mayo
oh dear God
and then all you need is some our
naughty and some cuts off just in the
middle some naughty
some green onions and some Vinny shoka
and that is how I made yakisoba
whoopsie so leave a comment guys and
tell me how you like this dish
obviously you can use the prepackaged
yakisoba seasoning but um I kind of like
trying to make my own sauce so tell me
how you like this sauce and yeah just
leave a comment alright
official taste tester please please
taste this
[Music]
once again great is it is this yucky
tone good enough to take to work I take
it anywhere
[Music]
very good